so I'm going through all junk in my
house as you do when you're bored at
home and I started thinking what things
do i no longer need since my smartphone
replaced them well I ended up with one
massive pile check it out
did you know you can use your phone
screen as a trackpad just connect your
Bluetooth and you can leave the computer
mouse behind toss it with every new
smartphone model released the built-in
cameras become better and better I don't
need this bulky DSLR camera anymore to
take professional-looking shots oh yeah
I just got a light meter for my amateur
photography this thing lets you know the
light intensity to fix the exposure on
your camera well now there's an app for
that
just a few years ago you couldn't
imagine any school talent show without
rows of parents with video cameras today
they only need a pocket-sized smartphone
to capture all your most embarrassing
moments and share it with everyone
online with modern streaming technology
we don't even need to download music
files of our favorite songs my ipod
replace my CDs and now my mp3 player can
go to all the music and all the books
you could ever want will bookshelves be
a thing of the past okay maybe I'll
donate these to my local library
remember the days of trying to figure
out how much to tip the waiter or how
much the gas is gonna be on your
shopping trip
well now you always have a calculator
with you sorry little guy but you are
just collecting dust ah my old voice
recorder save my life during long
lectures back in college now forget
about it
bank statements what a waste of paper my
online banking app always lets me know
how much dough I have left and I can
easily pay bills transfer money even
deposit checks by taking a picture
speaking of finances with a lot of
modern phone payment systems you don't
even need to carry all your cards or
cash with you out in about town
hey my accountant sorry Ted but with
budgeting apps I can plan my money and
stop myself from spending my whole
paycheck as soon as I get it
by with augmented reality you can now
test new room designs without having to
go to the store for paint swatches
simply choose a new color or wallpaper
and look at your remodeled room through
the camera
who needs old bulky cookbooks when you
can have a recipe to any dish in the
world I don't even read recipes anymore
there are step-by-step instructional
videos Oh half the board games in this
closet are missing the dice oh well no
need for those when I have an app with
virtual dice and spinners the best thing
your phone won't roll under the table or
get jammed we used to spend hundreds of
dollars on new portable gaming consoles
but a smartphone is that even with more
games and the option to play online with
friends okay be honest you also have 10
alarms at once playing two minutes apart
from each other don't you could a
traditional alarm clock do it nope
now where's that remote control why is
it always gone well you can program your
phone to switch the channels or turn on
Netflix in fact I don't need this garage
opener either my phone can turn the
lights on open the gate
adjust the thermostat open the blinds
it's all mighty I don't even need my
house or car keys your smartphone can
open your doors and unlock your windows
when was the last time I wore this
wristwatch yeah they're mostly just
stylish accessories now since you can
quickly check the time on your phone but
who am I trying to impress into the pile
it goes ah the old photo albums I know
you have a bunch stuffed away in your
house somewhere I'll keep those of
course but I probably have more pictures
in my cloud than all these albums
combined my flash line that never seems
to have working batteries junk
paper maps and unreliable navigation
devices those were dark times it's all
in the phone and my app warns me when
there's heavy traffic roadwork ahead or
a car stopped on the shoulder if you're
into camping and happen to get lost your
phone has a compass I'll probably never
use that app but I definitely don't need
this actual compass and am I the only
one who remembers address books well I
can see why nobody uses them anymore
whoa this pile is getting big there's an
app for scanning documents to just take
a good picture and the app will do its
job to make the text as intelligible as
possible this calendar on the wall I
keep forgetting to turn because I never
look at it
your phone's calendar syncs with your
email automatically ads plan meetings
send you reminders oh you want a weather
forecast too got it blew and phases yep
even that all these notepads can go with
your smartphone apps can help you make
to-do lists school notes memos and ideas
for future projects all in one place
no stress about losing what you wrote
down newspapers are only good for
packing fragile things when you're
moving I get my news online my phone
even shows me notifications of the
biggest stories portable DVD players
have become completely obsolete on long
road trips everyone but the driver is
streaming their favorite show watching
YouTube videos or movies right on their
phone webcams - wow what a relic with
your smart phone front camera you don't
need to worry about your friends not
being able to understand where you are
in a sea of colored pixels hey a level
yep there's an app for that same with
this measuring tape you can measure any
distance with just your smartphone's
camera a barcode scanner what's that
doing here
well my phone does the same thing
letting me scan the barcode on any
product in the store I immediately find
out reviews price comparisons you name
before you had to carry a flash drive
with you everywhere in case someone
wants to share photos music or anything
else now you can just upload into your
Cloud Drive in mere seconds and enjoy it
at home I guess I can finally get rid of
this kitchen timer I don't even use the
one built into my stove I always have my
phone on me
so I never have to worry about not
hearing the timer go off when I'm in
another room same goes for this guitar
tuner my new motto is there's an app for
that back in the day if we need an
internet access in a remote spot we had
to buy a portable hotspot with built-in
mobile hotspot functions those devices
became useless now is it just me or do
you use your laptop or computer a lot
less now that you have a smart phone I
even read somewhere that the modern
smart phone is more powerful than all of
NASA's Apollo program computers when you
can access TV from any location any time
what do you need to overpay for cable
and have a bunch of channels you don't
even watch my old phrase books from that
study abroad trip I went on to Barcelona
well now instead of flipping through
hundreds of pages for the word I need I
can get an instant translation sorry but
a Dale let's just agree nobody needs a
dictionary anymore Google knows it all
and my phone always corrects my
horrendous spelling last but not least
something I should have gotten rid of
long ago my old landline phone won't be
needing that ever again
ok so now what do I do with this massive
pile of stuff yard sale